docs: Added a few missing packages for bazel commands (#597)
googleapis/gapic-generator-php: DEVELOPMENT.md

    If you run into an error: `Error: Call to undefined function Google\Protobuf\Internal\bccomp()`, that is because the [BC Math](https://www.php.net/manual/en/book.bc.php) extension is not always included by default (see tracking bug here: https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/issues/4465). You can get around this by installing BC Math with the command `sudo apt install php-bcmath`.

>     Updating unit test goldens:

Reviewer: Looks like this is missing a bullet point

>     > This is useful if you have changed something in the generation process(_for example, renamed a variable in a generator_) and you want to recreate the test files that will be used for comparison.

Reviewer: nit: just make this text instead of a quote. Also, I changed the verbage slightly
```suggestion
    You will need to update the golden test files if you change something in the generation process that modifies the output (_for example, renaming a variable).
```

    ```

>     -   Update all goldens:

Reviewer: This is a bit of a misnomer, as this only updates integration tests
```suggestion
    -   Updating integration test goldens:
```

```
pushd googleapis

> git pull origin master

Author: I don't think googleapis has a `main` branch.
